Add tflint as built-in hook (#2362)
gruntwork-io/terragrunt: tflint/README.md

talk about license
what is this
where is being used

> # tflint 

Reviewer: TODO

# tflint 

> This package is a wrapper of the ![tflint](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint) project, enabling it to be natively executed from the before and after hooks. The `tflint/tflint.go` uses the MPL 2.0 license, due to the license of tflint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package allows us to embed [tflint](https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint) in Terragrunt, enabling it to be natively executed from the before and after hooks without having to install `tflint` separately. Since `tflint` is licensed with MPL, we are required to let you know where you can find its source code: https://github.com/terraform-linters/tflint
```

Per Q8 of MPL, as far as I can tell, using `tflint` this way (unmodified) does not change the license of Terragrunt. It just requires us to tell users where they can find the source code of the MPL project: https://www.mozilla.org/en-US/MPL/2.0/FAQ/

> ## How to use

Reviewer: These docs don't belong here. They belong in the docs site. See the `docs` folder.

`tflint` is now built-in in Terragrunt hooks. It behaves the same way as other hooks, but instead of executing a command, it will call the built-in functionality of `tflint`.

Here's an example:
```hcl
terraform {
  before_hook "before_hook" {
    commands     = ["apply", "plan"]
    execute      = ["tflint"]
  }
}
```

> The `.tflint.hcl` should exist in the same folder or one of it's parents. If Terragrunt can't find a `.tflint.hcl` file, it won't execute tflint.

Reviewer 2: Which "same" folder? I imagine it's at the root level.

Reviewer: If no `.tflint.hcl` file is found, does it show an error? Or just exit? Is there any logging to explain what happened?

```hcl
plugin "aws" {
    enabled = true
    version = "0.21.0"
    source  = "github.com/terraform-linters/tflint-ruleset-aws"
}
```

### Configuration

> The `execute` parameter only accepts `tflint`, it will ignore any other parameter. Any desired extra configuration should be added in the `.tflint.hcl` file. It will work with a `.tflint.hcl` file in any parent folder.

Reviewer 2: NIT: The docs look really neat! 🙌 It might also be really helpful to have an example folder structure shown here to demonstrate what you mean by "parent" folder, where a module would live, and where the tflint configs would live
